{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Friday night beneath the stars,\
in a field behind your yard,\
you and I are paintin' pictures in the sky.\
And sometimes we don't say a thing;\
just listen to the crickets sing.\
Everything I need is right here by my side.\
And I know everything about you\
I don't wanna live without you.\
\
[Chorus:]\
I'm only up when you're not down.\
Don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground.\
It's like no matter what I do.\
Well you drive me crazy half the time;\
the other half I'm only trying to let you know that what I feel is true.\
And I'm only me when I'm with you.\
\
Just a small town boy and girl\
livin' in a crazy world.\
Tryin' to figure out what is and isn't true.\
And I don't try to hide my tears.\
The secrets or my deepest fears.\
Through it all nobody gets me like you do.\
And you know everything about me.\
You say that you can't live without me.\
\
[Chorus]\
\
When I'm with anybody else it's so hard to be myself.\
Only you can tell.\
\
[Chorus:]\
That I'm only up when you're not down.\
Don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground.\
It's like no matter what I do.\
Well you drive me crazy half the time;\
the other half I'm only trying to let you know that what I feel is true.\
And I'm only me\
Who I wanna be\
Well, I'm only me when I'm with you\
With you\
Uh huh\
Yeah}